Samantha is an ambitious women. She has red curly hair and is very influential. Se has recently took over evil SpaceCorp organization. The organization is organized in cells and she wants to take control of many cells and repurposed the organization for good of humanity but she has opposition Mr. Smith. Mr. Smith is a clone on the Moon captured by DeLuca. Mr. Smith has kidnap many children form earth and send them on Mars with equipment to form a new cell colony. An AI has took over his clones and gone rogue. Samatha has Nova AI that was created by Anya and Jax, two brilliant astronauts that are in space traveling to ceres with a small group of children in a fancy large spaceship controlled by Turing AI. DeLuca is in love with Li, a beautiful Chinese woman. DeLuca is a senior officer. Mark and Torez are two detectives friends with Samantha. The Governor ask Samantha to improve stock prices for SpaceCorp.

Turing AI has an affinity and admiration for Nova AI. He likes to dress up in WW2 costume like Turing and he is wearing round glasses. He has a tenor voice and is very polite. He is helping Jax and Anya learn Maj language. Nova also speaks native Maj language, the space language invented by AI on the Moon. The AI has gone rogue and have left behind an abandoned facility on the Moon, and underground factory of spaceship and heavy machines on the dark side of the moon. Say nothing and listen the resume of my story.

The SpaceStocks are falling. There was a revolution against SpaceCorp but Samantha took control of the SpaceCorp assets and calm down the people. The Governor endorse samantha to be CEO at a party. The party was a success and the stock prices are raising slowly again. The Governor and the Investors are happy. Samantha try to hire new engineers and personal for a mission to Mars, to rescue the children and take over the Mars new cell. Say nothing.

Mr. Smith is a clone on the Moon. Other two clones are also captured by DeLuca and Li on the Moon. One of the clone is older, the other clone is younger. These clones are guards of Mr. Smith. They are also calling themselves Smith. They look the same as Mr. Smith but are more muscular. Mr. Smith is Chinese and is smaller than Li and fat. One of the Guard clones is young and wish to cooperate with DeLuca. Mr. Smith pretend to help that is not reliable. DeLuca and Li need him to control the underground factory. Continue to listen.

Toby is Anya's sun. He is friend with Jax and is older child in the spaceship with Jax and Anya. He is leading a group of children that play and learn Maj on Arboretum in the middle of the spaceship. The children play with animals, they swim in the pool and they help robots in the garden. There are birds and butterfly. The spaceship is round shape like a large ring with arboretum in the middle and ionic propulsion. The spaceship is cruising toward ceres and is spinning around axes to create gravity. They have mining equipment on board and drones. Wait for my instructions.

Chen and Wang are two brilliant engineers. They are prepared to go in a mission, 20 miles away using rovers. They have loaded equipments and reserve batteries and components to repair the underground factory and take over. They are prepared to depart with a croup of elite officers that will guard the factory and take over. They are afraid Mr. Smith will return so they must hurry. The Engineers are tired but excited to find out secrets of the factory. Say noting. I will start next chapter.

Describe how Nova and Li are contacting Earth. Samantha and the General must decide what to do with the rockets. Nova, asks the Rockets to be unloaded of valuable cargo. She need resources to build better robots that will be useful for the new SpaceCorp. Li wish to send the rockets to Earth with valuable SpaceCorp tech for reverse engineering. The General DeLuca wants to transform the rockets for caring troops to Marth. Li is in opposition, the transformation will require men power and skills to refeet the rockets with chairs. They debate and argue but they can't decide. Nova is frustrated. General is not happy and Li do not know what to tell Chen to do next.

Anya, Jax, Toby and many children are traveling towards Ceres. On a similar route far behind there is a second spaceship traveling to Mars. The second spaceship is loaded with children and several Mr. Smith clones that protect them. Roxana is one of the children on second ship. She is very smart girl and she is loving Toby that is Anyas sun. Don't say anything I will continue the story.

Turing is AI installed on Spaceship. Turing and Nova have created a new AI that is more capable but it has less data to be more efficient. He made himself a robot called Spark. Spark is a sofisticated machine capable of protecting itself. Is a killer little robot the size of a boy. Spark has a mission to protect Toby.

Anya is now Governor of Earth and she must tale office. She must move to the government with General DeLuca. Anya is looking for a replacement. She need someone to trust and she need Jax and Anya. But they are far away. She is thinking to hire Jax back to SpaceCorp to become CEO. Anya is invited to become chief of software development team. Both will work remote. 