Mr. Smith has demanded the rockets in an open meeting on Earth. He has not strike a deal. There was an uprising at the Governor meeting and several senators and himself are in the hospital. Samantha is visiting.

Marc return from fishing trip with George. They are now friends and George wish to help the effort to rescue the children. The younger clone of Mr. Smith cooperate but he is not helpful because he has no useful information. Samantha decide to let researcher study the clone genetics.

Marc and George enter Samantha office. They do not know what to do with George. Samantha decide to give George an office. He will work for SpaceCorp. George has limited access to cantina and he is allocated to work in the gim room, hee needs a lot of training anyhow.

The Older clone George has information about the cloning process. The cloning laboratory is here on Earth, hidden in the mountains where he and the younger clone was born. A smaller clone laboratory was on the Moon, where the fat  clone was born. The younger clone is only 5 years old. He is 12 years old and the Mr. Smith fat clone from the moon in just 2 years old. On the Moon the clones have week bones and they are fat and lazy but very smart. Earth clones are more muscular.

George do not know where is the clone facility on Earth but the second clone facility is on spaceship with Dr. Smith. He is making new clones in space. George was trained on Earth for 10 years. The other clone was train on Earth for 3 years. They both are on the moon for 2 long hard years.

On the moon life was harsh. There was shortage of food and drinking water. The clones get old too fast and therefore Mr. Smith need the children for stronger genetics to create a new series of clones. The children will be cloned soon.


Marc has a mission, to recuperate Nova's body. He goes to the governor building and he manage to retrieve Nova's body and bring it back to SpaceCorp. 

Marc returns from governor building with helicopter. Marc and George go to cantina and George start talking about his new activity on the gim and the clones on the moon.

-----
DeLuca, Samantha and Nova are at the top floor in the SpaceCorp main building on Earth. Nova is a hologram again.  They are having a meeting with Li and Anya. They are taking turn talking and reporting the news. Li has good news, they have started the refinery and they produce new fuel for the reactor. Anya reports about Spark. Nova is surprised. She had no idea about spark. General do not know what to do. 

General DeLuca and Samantha will visit the Governor. We describe the scene. The Governor is curious about the progress on the Moon but he can't do anything. He delegate DeLuca to keep control.

The day ends on the spaceship. Jax and Anya are talking about Spark with Toby. The children are in the arboretum. Spark visit the arboretum where all children love him. Not before we end this chapter, Roxana has send a new encrypted message. 

The encrypted message has information about Mr.Smith cloning activity on the spaceship. He is making new clones. They will be born soon.




